Welcome to the movement for a football.
better it the union of fans clubs
and large companies and believes that the
our football is a giant potential
to develop more and better
structures for enrollees and stadiums
modern and greatest players playing here
we will help you do everything the country
You always deserve to enter football.
In this movement you have to have love for the
shirt and some have to be fanatical about
football but also for discounts
everything starts with a membership card
on the hand that same you need to be a partner
your heart team product what
heard all need their own
were millions of partners supporting their
domains are always crowded
making their clubs grow without
effectiveness in the eyes of the world and
This is happening now here in the
Brazil, but even better
as you have never seen the benefits partner
was no longer simply the purchase of
ticket
it is clear that partner programs already
exists but has never had the advantage that
You're going to have a supporter now.
the great news is the discounts
unprecedented in services and purchases of
supermarket are various products
participants that you pay cheaper
in several scattered accredited networks
for the country became a partner paid the
monthly payment that made your purchases
just give the cpf in the case of the invoice
still appears how much you have saved
you will see the discounts can be
larger than the cac message is worth
be a member even if you do not get in
stadium and so everyone will give the
fans and clubs have everything to
do our evil finally is the
brazil size
It's time for the bride to be a partner of yours.
time the movement for a better football
I win soccer for the supporter
it's a game